This is a list of questions and answers (if answers make sense to the questions).
Its essentially going to be my all-purpose
cookbook. As I learn how to do various things, I will record stuff here so that
in the case that I have to leave this project for a while I can quickly relearn
everything I have found useful so far.

Question: How does one setup an HBase psuedo-cluster?
Answer: Basic HBase Installation

Question: How do I start Solr Cloud?
Answer: Starting_SolrCloud_Instances

Question: How do I set up an external zookeeper ensemble for Solr?
Answer: check out the corresponding section in the Solr referenced guide.

Question: How do I start a solr cloud instance on a different machine?
Answer: I'm pretty sure you start it like any other instance. Remember that
you are passing it the zookeepers, so they will keep things in communication.
Brilliant!!!!!

Question: What does solr.xml do exactly?
Answer: It contains a solrcloud element that defines certain properties about
solr cloud (note an instance will try to download from zookeeper first and then
default to the solr_home set for that instance [also known as node]). It also
defines the shardhandlerfactory. So I'll probably just use the one in the cloud
example that comes with Solr.

Question: What is a solrconfig? How does it work?
Answer: p.g. 437 in the reference guide. It is essentially a folder within
the base configsets directory, containing schema, solrconfig, and additional
files related to configuration. The idea is you can upload them to zookeeper
and then when creating a collection you just pass the name of the config set in.
Once again, love Solr.

Question: What is available in the collection creation api?
Answer: p.g. 522 of the reference guide

Question: Basic nginx install?
Answer: Installing_nginx

Question: What python server are we going to put behind nginx

Question: Better grip on Hadoop and HBase configuration

Question: Now that I have a pseudo-cluster, how do I put phoenix on top?
Answer: Adding_Phoenix

Question: Is indexing and searching essentially the same as in a standalone Solr
instance? Try it out and write out instructions on how to do things.
