Okay, so the first thing we have to deal with, is
essentially configuration. Everything boils down to
how this works.

By configuration I mean the configuration of the schema
and the names of folders, files, and machines that are
going to be important to everything else.

I am going to have this configuration file be XML.

It will be divided into sections:
System - this will define where to look for various things
  like zookeeper or Solr
Schema - this will define both the schema for the marketplace
  as well as what the things will be named on the page, and how
  to render them on the search page as well.

System:
  Phoenix query server port
  Solr client port

Schema
  Each part of our schema represents a single field.
  In identifies for the field, the field-name, the name
  for the field on an HTML site, whether that field should
  be faceted in search, whether we want to be able to search
  by range, and the field type. To do all of this, I think
  I'm going to do the following:
    One will write the schema part out as if it is a schema.xml
    file. Then, I will add an additional component where you go
    ahead and add the additional properties for each field
    you have defined. Note that for dynamic fields, their presentation
    name will be exactly the bit that goes where the wild card
    normally goes.

So schema will divide into
SolrSchema
ClientScema

Now of course there are going to be schemas for user, group, and one for each
group's applications. For the latter we know there is going to have to be a way
to create new cores all the time. So we are going to want to separate core
creation from the system stuff.

So we need to have a sys_config file and we need to have solr_schema files for
each of the following: user, group, and each group's app. and we need
client_schema for them as well.

Okay, turning this into a project I can work on:
I need to define what solr_schema and client_schema will be and I need to create
a program that will take them and knowledge of either zookeeper or solr and go
ahead and create the new collections.

So to the first: solr_schema will just be a schema.xml file like Solr requires.
To the second: we have the field_name as defined within the first config file.
  Then we also specify whether we would like to have range search, faceting,
  clustering, and what the name should be in presentation to the client. It
  will be in the following form:

  <field_name name="the_name" facet="yes/no" clustering="yes/no" etc />
  <field_name ... />
  ...

I don't know yet well enough about doing all of this in a distributed mode,
or at all to be able to do much of anything quite yet. So I need to become
thoroughly familiar with SolrCloud (in distributed mode) so that this process
can come off like water off the back of my hand. Only then can I be confident
I am making good software.

Everything comes down to the search stuff. The input handler, the handling of
the schema, the creation of the HTML pages, the twisted apps (through the input
handler), the parser. Everything depends on a thorough understanding of solr
so I can see the implementation as well as the big picture in my head. I
also should just get a real hand on how twisted is going to work, as well as
phoenix and the lot. And I need to understand all of this in distributed and not
just pseudo-distributed mode.

Right now the implementation seems horrifyingly huge and scary. But only because
I know so little about the tools I am going to be using. Once I know them well
I can just sit down and write code, and see how everything breaks up in my mind.
Right now, not only is the task huge, but I can only partially see. If I hope to
write good code, and to write it with a frame of mind where every next alleyway
is not frustrating, I need to master this stuff. Division of the problem. There
is figuring out how the pieces will work on their own, and then how they patch
together, if I go straight into it I will be trying to do both at the same time.
